[PLT-1823] Improve Clouds credentials management documentation (#707)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/operations-manual/pages/credentials.adoc

= Credential Management

> To allow the controllers to communicate with cloud providers, they store the identity credentials used during the installation in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controllers store the identity credentials used during installation within the cluster for communication with cloud providers.
```

> During the first run, the required credentials are specified in the 'credentials' section of the manifest file that defines the _KeosCluster_ object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the first execution, the required credentials are specified in the 'credentials' section of the manifest file that defines the _KeosCluster_ object.
```

> These credentials are encrypted with a passphrase introduced during provisioning and are stored in the _secrets.yml_ file, being removed from the descriptor. In subsequent runs, you only need to enter the passphrase to decrypt the file and access the credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These credentials are encrypted with a passphrase entered during provisioning and stored in the _secrets.yml_ file, removing them from the descriptor. In subsequent executions, only the passphrase is needed to decrypt the file and access the credentials.
```

> == Credential Renewal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Credential renewal
```

> If you need to renew any credential, follow the steps according to the cloud provider where _Stratio KEOS_ is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to renew any credentials, follow the steps based on the cloud provider where _Stratio KEOS_ is deployed.
```

=== EKS

> . Update the credentials in _cluster-operator_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update credentials in _cluster-operator_:
```

+

> * Fetch the values of the _cluster-operator_ chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Retrieve the values from the _cluster-operator_ chart:
```

+
[source,console]
----
helm get values -n kube-system cluster-operator -a > /tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml
----
+

> * Modify the `credentialsBase64` value in the file /tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modify the `credentialsBase64` value in the file _/tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml_.
```

+
* Apply the changes to the chart:
+
[source,console]
----
helm upgrade --reuse-values -f /tmp/cluster-operator-modified-values.yml -n kube-system <cluster_operator_chart_url> --version <cluster_operator_chart_version>
----
+
* Check the `keoscluster-settings` secret in the `kube-system` namespace.
+
* Restart the `keoscluster-controller-manager` deployment in `kube-system`.

> . Update the credentials in the capa components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update credentials in _capa_ components:
```

+
* Modify the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret in `capa-system`, aligning it with `keoscluster-settings` in `kube-system`.
+
* Restart the `capa-controller-manager` deployment in `capa-system`.

. Update the _secrets.yml_ file:
+
* Follow the procedure detailed in the xref:stratio-keos:operations-guide:cluster-operation/credentials.adoc[_Stratio KEOS_ credential management documentation].

=== Unmanaged Azure

. Update credentials in _cluster-operator_:
+

> * Extract the values of the _cluster-operator_ chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Retrieve the values from the _cluster-operator_ chart:
```

+
[source,console]
----
helm get values -n kube-system cluster-operator -a > /tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml
----
+

> * Modify the `secrets.azure` value in the file /tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modify the `secrets.azure` value in the file _/tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml_.
```

+

> * Apply the changes to the chart using the previously modified file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apply the changes to the chart using the modified file:
```

+
[source,console]
----
helm upgrade --reuse-values -f /tmp/cluster-operator-modified-values.yml -n kube-system <cluster_operator_chart_url> --version <cluster_operator_chart_version>
----
+
* Verify the `keoscluster-settings` secret in the `kube-system` namespace.
+
* Restart the `keoscluster-controller-manager` deployment in `kube-system`.

> . Update credentials in the capz components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update credentials in the _capz_ components:
```

+
* Modify the `Azureidentity` object in the `capz-system` namespace to update the `clientID` content.
+

> * Modify the associated secret (verifying its name in `Azureidentity`) to update the `clientSecret` content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modify the associated secret (check its name in `Azureidentity`) to update the `clientSecret` content.
```

+
* Restart the `capz-controller-manager` deployment in `capz-system`.

. Update the _secrets.yml_ file:
+
* Follow the procedure indicated in the xref:stratio-keos:operations-guide:cluster-operation/credentials.adoc[Stratio KEOS credential management documentation].

=== GKE

> . Update the credentials in _cluster-operator_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update credentials in _cluster-operator_:
```

+

> * Extract the values of the chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Retrieve the values from the chart:
```

+
[source,console]
----
helm get values -n kube-system cluster-operator -a > /tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml
----
+

> * Modify the `credentialsBase64` value in the file /tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modify the `credentialsBase64` value in the file _/tmp/cluster-operator-current-values.yml_.
```

+

> * Apply the changes to the chart using the previously modified file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apply the changes to the chart using the modified file:
```

+
[source,console]
----
helm upgrade --reuse-values -f /tmp/cluster-operator-modified-values.yml -n kube-system <cluster_operator_chart_url> --version <cluster_operator_chart_version>
----
+
* Verify the `keoscluster-settings` secret in the `kube-system` namespace.
+
* Restart the `keoscluster-controller-manager` deployment in `kube-system`.

> . Update credentials in the capg components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update credentials in _capg_ components:
```
